# Optimizing an ML Pipeline in Azure

## Overview
This project is part of the Udacity Azure ML Nanodegree.
In this project, we build and optimize an Azure ML pipeline using the Python SDK and a provided Scikit-learn model.
This model is then compared to an Azure AutoML run.

## Summary
**As a part of this project, we have used Bank Marketing Data Set which contains information about campaigns. The goal of the solution is to predict if the client will subscribe to the services or not.**

**We will be using scikit-learn logistic regression and find the best output through HyperDrive. The best performing model has the accuracy of .**

## Scikit-learn Pipeline
**Explain the pipeline architecture, including data, hyperparameter tuning, and classification algorithm.**

**What are the benefits of the parameter sampler you chose?**
I have chosen Random Parameter Sampler. Since this supports both discrete and continueous hyperparamters. This also avoids wastage by early terminating the low performing runs. 

**What are the benefits of the early stopping policy you chose?**
I have chosen Bandit Policy as it utilizes the slack factor and evaluation interval. In case the primary metric is not within specific slack factor, the policy terminates the execution. 

## AutoML
**In 1-2 sentences, describe the model and hyperparameters generated by AutoML.**

## Pipeline comparison
**Compare the two models and their performance. What are the differences in accuracy? In architecture? If there was a difference, why do you think there was one?**

## Future work
**What are some areas of improvement for future experiments? Why might these improvements help the model?**

## Proof of cluster clean up
**If you did not delete your compute cluster in the code, please complete this section. Otherwise, delete this section.**
**Image of cluster marked for deletion**
